Supreme Lord
You let the transfer of the channel come to an end.
Really?
Back then, your mother took you away from Shangjing
Make Zhang Zhi's subordinates of the Zhang family chase after him step by step
Finally, it is cruel to kill your mother
It is for killing your mother
Zhang Jiacai has the support of the behind-the-scenes mastermind
Only then can we become one of the four major families in the middle and lower classes
Zhang family for 15 years
The account between us
It's time to do the math
Supreme Lord
I will take people to destroy the Zhang family now
There is no need for Xiaoxiao Zhang's family to kill them
But it must be through them to bring out the hidden behind the scenes
outsider
Lord Dong
Qin Zongduo
Governor Qin
I am Shen Qianyao from the Shen family
I specially brought a gift to apologize to you.
Qianyao, I told you
Because it is enough for our Zhang family to help you.
There is no need to ask the head office to lose money at all.
Governor Qin
If you really want to have a hard time with our Shen family
Even with the help of the Zhang family, it won't help
Isn't that still the majesty of Jinlong God of War?
Our Zhang family has Jinlong God of War as a backer
I will definitely help your Shen family through this difficult time
Ye Feifan, why are you here?
Ye Feifan, you dare to trespass
Lord Dinosaur Commander, give me the courage
trespassing
This is my man
Why trespass